Release Notes for Google 3.0.2 (#6027)
magento/devdocs: extensions/google-shopping-ads/release-notes/index.md

-  {:.fix}Fixes and improvements
-  {:.bug}Known issues

### v3.0.2

Google Shopping ads Channel 3.0.2 is compatible with versions 2.2.4+, 2.3.0, 2.3.1, and 2.3.2 of {{site.data.var.ce}}, {{site.data.var.ee}}, and {{site.data.var.ece}}.

-  {:.new}**Admin Panel Access**: <!--CHAN-3815-->Improved the onboarding process to allow access to the side _Admin_ panel when the initial _Welcome to Google Shopping ads Channel in Magento_ screen displays.

> -  {:.fix}**Shopping Cart**: <!--CHAN-3654-->Corrected an issue causing an error when attempting to delete an item from the shopping cart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  {:.fix}**Shopping Cart**: <!--CHAN-3654-->Corrected an issue that caused an error when attempting to delete an item from the shopping cart.
```

> -  {:.fix}**Add to Cart**: <!--CHAN-3861-->Corrected an issue causing an error when hovering over an item on the store landing page and clicking **Add to Cart**. With this release, if all item required item options (size, color, etc) are not complete when attempting to **Add to Cart**, a message appears stating that you must choose options for your item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  {:.fix}**Add to Cart**: <!--CHAN-3861-->Corrected an issue that caused an error when hovering over an item on the store landing page and clicking **Add to Cart**. With this release, if all item required item options (size, color, etc.) are not complete when attempting to **Add to Cart**, a message appears stating that you must choose options for your item.
```
